README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Adding description of this code.

README.md, after:

This is code of [my blog](https://blog.masaishi.net/)


I wrote a blog post explaining this code.
[How I developed this blog (Next.js and notion)](https://blog.masaishi.net/posts/How_I_developed_this_blog_Next_js_and_notion_a115cba1b20c4f6ca9d0001719f793f7)

<br />

This blog is really simple. Using **[compornents/notion/index.tsx](https://github.com/masaishi/notion-blog/blob/main/compornents/notion/index.tsx)** for get data from notion, then reander at [pages/index.tsx](https://github.com/masaishi/notion-blog/blob/main/pages/index.tsx) and [pages/posts/[slug].tsx](https://github.com/masaishi/notion-blog/blob/main/pages/posts/%5Bslug%5D.tsx).

### **[compornents/notion/index.tsx](https://github.com/masaishi/notion-blog/blob/main/compornents/notion/index.tsx)**

This code has some functions which get data from notion by using [Notion API](https://developers.notion.com/) and [notion-client](https://github.com/NotionX/react-notion-x/tree/master/packages/notion-client) which is provided to get page content for React Notion X render.


This page tells me how to use Notion API for Next.js.
[Notion APIで自分のポートフォリオサイトを作ってみた](https://zenn.dev/steelydylan/articles/portfolio-with-notion-api)

This code is described by the upper article. This code which makes a portfolio with next.js and the notion is really helpful.

[https://github.com/steelydylan/notion-portfolio-site](https://github.com/steelydylan/notion-portfolio-site)

This code doesn’t use React Notion X, but this code tells me how to get data from notion database table.
